# Nepal Slope Stability Classifier

This is a Streamlit web app that predicts the **slope stability** category for slopes in **Nepal**, based on a trained machine learning model using **evolutionary neural networks**.

## Features

- Predict slope stability based on geotechnical and environmental inputs.
- Model trained on Nepalese slope data.
- Interactive web interface using Streamlit.

## How to use

1. Clone or fork the repository.
2. Install dependencies:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Run the app:
   ```
   streamlit run app.py
   ```

## Hosted version

You can try the app online (if hosted on Hugging Face Spaces or other platforms).

https://nepal-slope-stability-classifier.streamlit.app/

## Authors

- Juan-Carlos Pantoja, Joaquim Tinoco, Ellen B. Robson, Bhim Kumar Dahal,Prajwal Timsina, Tunisha Gywali, Paul N. Hughes
- Based on research: _"Advancing Slope Stability Prediction with Evolutionary Neural Networks: Nepal Case Study"_

## Disclaimer

This application is a demonstration tool developed as part of the research study *"Advancing Slope Stability Prediction with Evolutionary Neural Networks: Nepal Case Study"*. It is intended solely for academic and informational purposes. The content and predictions provided by this application are based on research data and computational models, and are not intended for real-world engineering design, decision-making, or risk assessment.

By using this application, you acknowledge that no contractual, professional, or legal relationship is established between you and the authors, affiliated institutions, contributors, or any other parties involved in its development. The predictions and outputs generated by the tool may be inaccurate, incomplete, or unsuitable for practical use. You assume full responsibility for any use of the information provided.

This application and its contents are provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or implied. The developers disclaim all liability for any direct, indirect, or consequential loss or damage arising from the use of this tool.

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 3.0 Unported License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/deed.en_US).
